These red, white, and yellow decks can be found at any point in Hanoi. You can also look for sleeper buses where you can spend the night while traveling.
It depends on the kind of transportation you choose. The cheapest is bus, while the most costly is taxi.
There are three types of them: Cyclo, three-wheeler, Motorcycle taxis. You can rent a cyclo for an hour ride with $3. With motorcycle taxi, Usually, a two-kilometer ride would cost a maximum of $2, but you have to haggle the price and ensure that it won’t be overpriced. On the other hand, three-wheelers are rare to be seen as a mean of transportation in the city.
Cyclo is usually seen in travel hotspot, but it is quite rare these day.
Don’t be shocked to see a family of five all riding a single motorbike. It’s a common, but equally dangerous, sight here in Hanoi. One thing you can do to avoid any accident is to honk profusely when needed. The locals won’t mind as they are doing this too. Also, keep an eye on the people crossing the streets.

you should go and see hanoi old town quarter, temple of literature, ho chi minh mausoleum, vietnam museum of ethnology in hanoi, hoa lo prison, Military History Museum, Water Puppet Theatre, Fine Art Museum, Imperial Citadel, West Lake

Hanoi Old Town Quarter is located near Hoan Kiem Lake, about 30 kilometers (18 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport, so you can visit two destinations at the same time.
There are four main areas: the South, the North, the East and the West. The South is Hang Bong, Hang Gai, Hang Thung and Cau Go streets, the North is Hang Dau Street, the West is Phung Hung Street and the East is Tran Nhat Duat Street.
The old town has a total area of about 76 hectares, including 72 streets and 10 wards.
This place was formed by small businesses and craftsmen on the Red River. They gathered to form a busy and bustling business district. Each street is named after an item for sale on the street. Over many stages, this neighborhood has changed but still crowded with buyers and sellers.
The Old Town is also known as “Hanoi 36 streets".

Temple of Literature is located at 58 Quoc Tu Giam, Van Mieu, Dong Da, about 28 kilometers ( 17 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens from Tuesday to Sunday, from eight thirty to eleven thirty in the morning and from one thirty to four thirty in the afternoon
It takes 10000 VND (0.4 USD).
This building is a place of study rather than a religious landmark. There are five courtyards at the temple, two brimming with landscaped gardens, the third is home to a large pond known as the Well of Heavenly Clarity, the fourth courtyard is called the Sage Courtyard and features a statue of Confucius and a house of ceremonies, and the last courtyard is Thai Hoc in which stands a large drum and bell tower.
This historic site is ranked as one of Hanoi’s most important cultural places and is steeped in Vietnamese history.

Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum is located at 8 Hung Vuong, Dien Bien, Ba Dinh, about 26 kilometers ( 16 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens on the morning from Tuesday to Sunday, from seven thirty to ten thirty on weekday and from seven thirty to evelen o'clock on weekend. Uncle Ho’s remains are sent yearly to Russia for maintenance therefore the mausoleum is closed usually from October onwards. It’s best to recheck with your hotel tour desk before visiting.
Admission is free but donations are accepted.
Started in 1973, the construction of the mausoleum was modeled on Lenin's mausoleum in Russia and was first open to the public in 1975. The granite building meant a great deal for many locals as it ensures that their beloved leader ‘lives on forever’.
Security is tight and visitors should dress with respect (no shorts, sleeveless shirts and miniskirts) and everyone has to deposit their bags and cameras before getting in. Visitors are not allowed to stop and hold the constant queue up as the place is constantly busy.

Vietnam Museum of ethnology in Hanoi is located Nguyen Van Huyen, Cau Giay, about 23 kilometers (14 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens from Tuesday to Sunday, from eight thirty to seventeen thirty.
The museum is packed full of information detailing traditional Vietnamese ways of life, from religious events to the symbolic rituals of all the Vietnamese ethnic groups, providing a rich tapestry of the culture melting pot existing in Vietnam. The exhibition hall features everyday objects representing each group, a research centre, library and auditorium. The outdoor display area exhibits a variety of Vietnamese homes as full-scale replicas, with great attention paid to the varying architectural styles set within the authentic and tranquil gardens. In addition, there are also leisure pursuits on display including traditional water puppet theatre and calligraphy. The future aim of the museum is to also showcase the many cultural practices and civilisations across Southeast Asia.

hoa lo prison in Hanoi is located Nguyen Van Huyen, Cau Giay, about 23 kilometers (14 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens everyday, from eight a.m. to five p.m., except special holidays.
The most famous thing in Hoa Lo Prison is the guillotine. The guillotine was designed from 2 to 4 m high by wooden columns. The above is a large blade held by latches. The under are two semicircular pieces of boards combined into a perfect circle. Its purpose is to keep the heads of dead prisoners ahead. Also in Hoa Lo Prison has a dangerous place called Cachot. This is considered the hell of hell. It has detained prisoners who have opposed behaviors, or dangerous offenders. It is extremely dark, cramped and airless. Cachot is a horrifying nightmare with prisoners. This is where the tortured, beaten scenes took place. Most of the prisoners at this place after a short time are so crazy, mangy, etc.

Military History Museum in Hanoi is located No. 28A, Dien Bien Phu Street, Ba Dinh District, about 28 kilometers (17 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport. Located in the center of Hanoi, near V.L Lenin’s statue, the Military History Museum is only 600 m from President Ho Chi Minh’s Mausoleum to the East, and covers a 10,000 square meter area.
This destination opens every day except Monday and Friday, from eight a.m. to four thirty p.m.
It costs 30000VND (1.4 USD) to get in.
Not only is this museum one of the seven national museums but also it acts as the headquater of the army museum system. The museum exhibitions present the Vietnamese military history from the first period of founding the country to the Ho Chi Minh era.
One of the well – known ancient monuments on the grounds of the museum in Hanoi flag Tower, classified as a national historic cultural monument. The construction of the Tower started in 1805 and was completed in 1812, with a height of nearly 31 m and a circumstance of 180 m. Visiting the museum, tourists can see thousands of exhibits, photographs, maps, scale models of the past Vietnam war. Thanks to this, visitors will have a good general knowledge of the process of the birth, growth and victories of the Vietnamese people’s armed forces for the cause of peace, independence and freedom.

Water Puppet Theatre in Hanoi is located 57B, Dinh Tien Hoang Street, Hoan Kiem District, about 29 kilometers (18 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens every day at three, four ten, five twenty, six thirty, and eight p.m..
The renowned Thang Long Water Puppet show is considered to be one of the cultural highlights of Northern Vietnam dating back to a tradition that first started in the Red River Delta.
Shows at this modern theatre are performed in a pool of water as the stage for the puppets. The puppets are controlled by no more than eight puppeteers hiding behind a bamboo screen. Today’s performances usually include a number of short sketches rather than one long story, taking the audience on a journey of ancient village life, agricultural harvests and dances of mythical creatures. Most shows also feature the famous Legend of the Restored Sword of King Le which tells the tale of Hoan Kiem Lake and the giant tortoise. The live music plays an integral part of the show with singers often shouting words of encouragement to the puppets.

Fine Art Museum in Hanoi is located 66 Nguyễn Thái Học, Ba Đình, about 39 kilometers (24 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens every day at from eight a.m. to five p.m. except Monday
it charged 1.3 USD for each entrance.
The museum displays not only paintings, ceramics and lacquers created by modern Post-war artists but many of its contents date back as far as pre-historic and feudalism time. Unfortunately, many of the art work found here are replicate, for the original has by and large been destroyed during the war.
It is worth heading here after you have visited the Temple of Literature. Guided tours in English and French are available at entrance door.

The Imperial Citadel of Thang Long is located 9 Hoang Dieu, Dien Bien, Ba Dinh District, about 27 kilometers (17 miles) from Noi Bai International Airport.
This destination opens from Tuesday to Sunday from eight a.m. to five p.m
It takes 30000 VND (1.3 USD) per person.
The ancient site was the political centre of the country for 13 consecutive centuries and served as the capital of Vietnam for eight centuries. A notable attraction in the Imperial Citadel of Thang Long was the Hanoi Flag Tower, a renovated 40-metre-tall stone fortress offering expansive views of Ba Dinh Square and Hanoi City Centre.

Tay Ho District is known for housing Hanoi’s largest freshwater lake, called West Lake - a huge body of water having a circumference of 17km
there are plenty of historic places of interest, five-star hotels, stylish restaurants, cafes, and nightlife venues that are worth exploring along the shoreline.
Accessible within a 15-minute drive from Hanoi Old Quarter, many locals and tourists seeking respite from the busy city make their way to this high-end district as it provides a sanctuary of great natural beauty with plenty of quiet spots in the sizeable botanical gardens.
Known locally as Tay Ho Lake, the actual history of West Lake remains a mystery to this very day, though one legend claims that it was formed when the Dragon King Lac Long Quan drowned a wicked fox spirit with nine tails in his lair. Another folklore source claims that the lake was formed when a large Chinese buffalo mistakenly confused a pagoda temple bell with its mothers call and ran so fiercely into a small hollow that the lake was made.

you should eat Vong Green Rice, Thanh Tri Steamed Rolled Rice Pancake, Pyramidal Rice Dumpling, La Vong Grilled Fish Pie, Hanoi Noodle Soup, Vermicelli And Chicken Soup, Vietnamese Grilled Meat Vermicelli, Spring Roll, Colocasia Gigantean Vermicelli Soup, West Lake Crispy Shrimp Cake

Vong green rice is flat green rice, made from young green sticky rice.
Located in the west of the city, 7 km away from Hanoi, Vong village, under the Dich Vong commune, Tu Liem, now is Cau Giay district
Vong green rice is available in the autumn. It is usually served with ripe bananas and red Japanese persimmon.

Steamed rolled rice pancake is made of rice, served with fried onion, fish sauce cleverly mixed with other types of spices, such as sticky rice vinegar, a few slices of fresh chilli, and some belostomatidae drops. It can be also served with cinnamon meat pie, salted shredded shrimp, or salted shredded meat steamed in a pot of hot water.
you can eat at The ancient Thanh Tri village which stretches 3 kilometers along the Red River levee in the south of Hanoi

Pyramidal rice dumpling is a snack, a light meal for children baby as a lunch snack. The stuffing of pyramidal rice dumpling is shredded meat, thoroughly sauteed with onions and grease, and mixed with julienned fungus.
you can eat at nearby local markets in ealrly mornings from six a.m.

Fish pie is made from bagridfae, or snakehead, catfish (but it will be less tastier) – sliced and marinated with the juice of galangal, turmeric, ferment, pepper, and fish sauce and grilled right on the dining table. Cha Ca La Vong should be served hot, accompanied with toasted rice pancake or vermicelli, roasted peanuts, cilantro, basils, cumin, fresh chopped small onions, and shrimp paste.
you can eat at 14 Cha Ca Street

Hanoi noodle soup is Pho, and it has sweet taste of beef bones, cooked meat to remain the softness. The broth is clear, and rice noodles are thin and soft. After being lightly heated, noodles are presented in the bowl, with thin slices of meat (pork, beef, chicken,…) with scallion and fresh vegetables. By time, a lot of emerging noodle soups appeared with different processing methods, such as stir fried noodles, fried noodles…
you should walk about several miles around your hotel area, there is usually a pho stall.

A bowl of Bun Thang, or Vermicelli And Chicken Soup, contains small-thread vermicelli, laksa leaves, eryngium foetidum, thin fried egg, shredded boiled chicken breast, julienned meat pie, salted shredded shrimp and some slices of Chinese sausage. The soup served with Bun Thang is hot and clear broth. Bun Thang is often served with spices like vinegar, chilli, garlic, pepper, or shrimp paste. For a delicious pot of broth, cooks use chicken bones and dried squid (for fresh broth). An entire bowl of Bun Thang cannot come without pickled radish.
you can eat at 48 Cau Go Street, 56 Dao Tan Street, 33 Hang Hom Street, 5 Hang Trong Street, 13 Gia Ngu Street, 29 Hang Hanh Street.

Bun Cha, or Vietnamese grilled meat vermicelli, often includes simultaneously two types of meat pies: Grilled chopped roll meat pie and pieces. Grilled chopped, rolled meat pies are made from finely chopped pig shoulder meat, rolled & marinated with salt, pepper, fish sauce 35 protein degrees, sugar, finely chopped dried onions, vegetable oil or washy fat. Depending on the freshness of the meat, after the meat mixed with spices, if it seems a little dry, add a little oil so that the meat easily bent when rolled into 2 finger- sized balls and then and pressed. If people prefer more sophisticated meat pies, wrap each pie in banana leaves before grilling them to avoid scorch pies and get them more fragrant.
you can eat at 24 Le Van Huu street, 34 Hang Than street, lane 74, Hang Quat street

spring roll can be served as a main dish with dipping sauce, pickles and some herbs like lettuce, basil, coriander; or a side dish in some restaurants of Bun Cha (Grilled pork with Rice Vermicelli).
you can eat at 72 Ma May street, 39C Ly Quoc Su street

This dish consists of vermicelli and a special kind of broth. This broth is cooked with pork ribs, colocasia gigantea, washy fat, ferment, and other spices.
you can eat at 63-73-181 Xã Đàn street, 32 Cầu Gỗ street, 612 Trường Chinh street, ngõ 18 Hàm Long street, 34A Nguyễn Chí Thanh street, 18 Bát Đàn street

Shrimp (freshwater) caught from West Lake wrapped in flour, fried in a hot pan with a lot of cooking oil until the cake becomes souffle, yellow, and spreads out mouth-watering aroma. Crispy shrimp cake will be taken out and gotten up to 2 collateral chopsticks on the pan to reduce oil stored inside the dish. West Lake crispy shrimp cake is usually served with sweet, sour, and pungent dipping sauce and veggie pickles (green papaya and carrot sliced thin and soaked into vinegar). Banh Tom Ho Tay can be also served with vermicelli and is perfect to served with beer.
you can eat at 1 thanh nien street