How to get a bus?
Is transporting in Hanoi expensive?
Special types of transport in Hanoi
Where can I rent a Cyclo?
What should I not be surprised about Hanoi transportation?

what Hanoi destinations should i visit

Where is Hanoi Old Town Quarter?
What are the main areas of Hanoi Old Town Quarter?
How large is Hanoi Old Town Quarter?
How did Hanoi Old Town Quarter form?
Other names of Hanoi Old Town Quarter

Where is Temple of Literature?
When does Temple of Literature open?
How much does Temple of Literature cost to get in?
what are the main features of Temple of Literature
Why should I visit Temple of Literature?

Where is Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum?
When does Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum open?
How much does Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum cost to get in?
introduce the history of Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum
What do I need to pay attention to when visiting Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum?

where is vietnam museum of ethnology in hanoi?
when does vietnam museum of ethnology in hanoi open?
What are the main features of vietnam museum of ethnology in hanoi?

where is hoa lo prison
When does hoa lo prison open
what are the main features of hoa lo prison

where is Military History Museum
when does Military History Museum open?
how much does Military History Museum cost to get in?
why should i visit military history museum?
What are the main features of military history museum

where is Water Puppet Theatre
when does Water Puppet Theatre open
why should i visit water puppet theatre?
how do shows at water puppet theatre perform?

where is Fine Art Museum?
when does fine art museum open
how much does fine art museum cost to get in?
what are the main features of fine art museum
what do I need to notice when visiting fine art museum

where is Imperial Citadel
when does imperial citadel open
how much does imperial citadel cost to get in?
what are the main features of imperial citadel

what and where is West Lake
what could i do when visit west lake
why should i visit west lake
introduce the history of west lake

what cuisine should i try in hanoi

what is vong green rice
where can i eat vong green rice
when can i eat vong green rice

what is thanh tri rolled rice pancake
where can i eat thanh tri rolled rice pancake

what is Pyramidal Rice Dumpling
where can i eat pyramidal rice dumpling

what is La Vong Grilled Fish Pie
where can i eat la vong grilled fish pie

what is hanoi noodle soup
where can i eat hanoi noodle soup

what is Vermicelli And Chicken Soup
where can i eat Vermicelli And Chicken Soup

what is Vietnamese Grilled Meat Vermicelli
where can i eat vietnamese grilled meat vermicelli

what is Spring Roll
where can i eat spring roll

what is Colocasia Gigantea Vermicelli Soup
where can i eat colocasia gigantea vermicelli soup

what is West Lake Crispy Shrimp Cake
where can i eat west lake crispy shrimp cake